https://codepen.io/baxisv/pen/poRLbdb

    1. What is Semantic HTML?
	Meaning of the content of a webpage.	 
    2. What is HTML used for? 
	Easier to understand HTML and helps search engines, screen readers etc understand what a specific thing is
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
	It defines characteristics of an element and we put it inside the element tag
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
	It is used to denote the Main title or header of a page. Once only. 
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
	img and a
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
	 title, links to CSS and other meta data
    7. What is an id?
	its a way to be specific and identify a specific thing 
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
	
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
	Just once. 
    10. What is a class? 
	The class attribute is often used to point to a class name in a style sheet. It can also be used by a JavaScript to access and manipulate elements with the specific class name.
    11. What elements can I add a class to?
	 
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
	Multiple. 
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
	just add a target="_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for?
	just add a target="_blank" attribute in anchor tags 
    15. How do I reference an id?
	# followed by id name
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
	Section conveys meaning in a document and can refer to chapters headers footers etc while div has no meaning.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
	It allows one to adapt the presentation to different types of devices, such as large screens, small screens, or printers.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
	
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the diffecrence between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
